Title: Valid  Necessary: Diagnosing Latent Inefficiency in Chain-of-Thought

URL Source: https://arxiv.org/pdf/2607.11266v1

Published Time: Tue, 14 Jul 2026 02:53:15 GMT

Number of Pages: 17

Markdown Content:
# Valid ̸ = Necessary: Diagnosing Latent Inefficiency in Chain-of-Thought 

Daeyeop Lee 1,2 and Hwanjo Yu 2*

1KT Corporation 

2Pohang University of Science and Technology 

daeyeop.lee@kt.com hwanjoyu@postech.ac.kr 

Abstract 

Chain-of-Thought (CoT) prompting has signif-icantly advanced the reasoning capabilities of Large Language Models (LLMs), yet it often incurs substantial computational costs due to “over-reasoning”—the generation of redundant, verbose, or irrelevant steps. While existing reasoning step evaluators effectively detect log-ical fallacies and factual errors, our analysis reveals a critical blind spot: they fail to pe-nalize “valid but inefficient” reasoning steps that inflate token usage without contributing to the solution. To systematically diagnose this limitation, we introduce RIV-GSM8K , a diagnostic benchmark injected with five dis-tinct types of inefficiencies, including circular reasoning and excessive decomposition. Diag-nostic experiments reveal that state-of-the-art evaluators struggle to distinguish these ineffi-ciencies from necessary reasoning. To address this gap, we propose CAID (Context-Aware Information Density), a training-free metric grounded in information theory that identifies low-utility steps. To validate the metric’s practi-cal utility, we apply it within PACE , a post-hoc compression strategy. Additional control exper-iments show that the gains of PACE are not ex-plained by trivial pruning: compared with ran-dom step removal and PRM-based compression baselines, it preserves accuracy at substantially higher compression rates. Empirical results on GSM8K, StrategyQA, and ARC-Challenge demonstrate that PACE reduces token consump-tion by 31–53% while maintaining accuracy, confirming that CAID successfully distills in-formational “froth” from reasoning chains with-out compromising deductive validity. 

1 Introduction 

Large Language Models (LLMs) have demon-strated remarkable capabilities in complex reason-ing tasks, largely driven by the Chain-of-Thought (CoT) prompting strategy (Wei et al., 2022). By  

> *

Corresponding author. Augmented Reasoning Chain                    

> Simple
> Duplication
> Paraphrase
> Circular
> Reasoning
> Decompose
> Irrelevant
> [Step 1] [Step 2] [Step 2] [Step 3]
> [Step 1] [Step 2] Rephrased [Step 2] [Step 3]
> [Step 1] [Step 2b] [Step 2a] ··· [Step 3]
> [Step 1] [Step 2] ⟲[Step 2] ⟳
> implies step2 [Step 3]
> Legend: Original Step, Augmented/Modified Step, Flow of Reasoning
> Repeats an existing step exactly.
> Inserts a step with an equivalent expression.
> Add steps that loop back to the same information.
> Breaks down a single step into smaller, verbose sub -steps.
> Inserts contextually related but non -contributory steps.
> [Step 1] [Step 3] [Step 2] [Irrelevant Fact]

Figure 1: Taxonomy of reasoning inefficiencies in RIV-GSM8K. The diagram illustrates how five distinct types of redundant steps are synthetically injected into the rea-soning chain to simulate valid but dispensable “froth.” 

decomposing complex problems into intermediate steps, CoT helps bridge the gap between question and answer. However, these gains often come at the cost of inference efficiency. Recent studies show that LLMs tend to “over-reason” by generating verbose explanations, repetitive statements, or con-textually irrelevant details that increase computa-tional cost without adding deductive value (Turpin et al., 2023; Wang et al., 2023; Chiang and Lee, 2024). More recent work has therefore begun to treat reasoning efficiency itself as an important ob-jective, for example through rationale reduction and concise intermediate reasoning formats (Jang et al., 2025; Xu et al., 2025). To assess and improve reasoning quality, various Process Reward Models (PRMs) and reasoning-step evaluators have been proposed, including Rea-sonEval and Math-Shepherd (Xia et al., 2025; Wang et al., 2024). More broadly, recent bench-marks and surveys suggest that reasoning quality extends beyond step correctness to dimensions such as coherence, utility, and simplicity (Song et al., 2025; Lee and Hockenmaier, 2025). In parallel, faithfulness studies have shown that final-answer accuracy can sometimes remain high even when parts of a reasoning trace are truncated or perturbed, arXiv:2607.11266v1 [cs.AI] 13 Jul 2026 highlighting the need for careful controls when evaluating compressed CoT traces (Lanham et al., 2023). Despite these developments, existing eval-uators remain largely optimized for correctness 

and logical validity . Our analysis reveals a critical blind spot: they often fail to distinguish inefficiency 

from reasoning . In particular, they may assign high scores to “valid but redundant” steps—such as ex-cessive decomposition or circular logic—simply because those steps remain factually true and lin-guistically coherent. As a result, current reasoning evaluation still focuses primarily on “Is this step true?”, while largely overlooking the equally im-portant question: “Is this step truly necessary?” 

In this paper, we shift the focus of reasoning evaluation from correctness alone toward informa-tion density . To systematically diagnose the limita-tions of current evaluators, we first introduce RIV-GSM8K , a diagnostic benchmark derived from GSM8K (Cobbe et al., 2021). As illustrated in Figure 1, RIV-GSM8K injects five distinct types of inefficiency, ranging from simple duplication to subtle circular reasoning. Using this benchmark, we show that existing validity-focused PRMs are largely insensitive to explicit redundancy. To address this gap, we propose CAID (Context-Aware Information Density), a novel unsuper-vised metric that evaluates reasoning steps using information-utility signals such as local novelty, global goal alignment, and information density. Unlike prior metrics, CAID is designed to iden-tify informational “froth” within reasoning chains without relying on a reference trace. To empir-ically validate the diagnostic precision of this metric, we introduce PACE (Pruning And Com-pression for Efficiency), a post-hoc compression strategy. Rather than simply deleting steps, PACE identifies latent inefficiency in reasoning chains and predominantly compresses verbose steps (Merge) while pruning irrelevant ones, making the chain substantially more compact while preserving logi-cal coherence. To strengthen this validation, we fur-ther compare PACE against random step-removal controls and PRM-based compression baselines, showing that its gains are not explained by trivial pruning and that validity-oriented evaluators yield only limited compression in the same setting. Our main contributions are summarized as fol-lows: • We uncover the “efficiency blind spot” of current reasoning evaluators through RIV-GSM8K , a stress-test benchmark designed to diagnose specific types of reasoning ineffi-ciency. • We propose CAID , an interpretable, training-free metric that estimates the informational utility of reasoning steps, distinguishing es-sential logic from redundant “froth.” • We validate our approach via PACE , which reduces token consumption by 31–53% across arithmetic, commonsense, and scientific rea-soning tasks with minimal accuracy loss. Ad-ditional control experiments with random pruning and PRM-based compression base-lines show that these gains arise from selective compression , not trivial deletion. Together, these results provide empirical evidence for substantial latent inefficiency in standard CoT reasoning, suggesting that high-quality reason-ing data can be considerably more compact than commonly assumed. 

2 Related Work 

2.1 Over-reasoning and Inference Efficiency 

Chain-of-Thought (CoT) prompting (Wei et al., 2022) has substantially improved multi-step rea-soning in LLMs, but often at the cost of infer-ence efficiency. Recent studies report that LLMs frequently produce overly long rationales, repeti-tive verification loops, or contextually unhelpful details—a phenomenon often described as over-reasoning (Turpin et al., 2023; Chen et al., 2024; Chiang and Lee, 2024). Such redundancy can in-crease computational cost and, in some cases, even harm performance by distracting the model from task-relevant information (Jiang et al., 2023). More recent work has therefore started to treat reasoning efficiency itself as an optimization target, for exam-ple by shortening verbose rationales or encouraging concise intermediate reasoning formats (Jang et al., 2025; Xu et al., 2025). A related line of work aims to reduce inference cost through token pruning, such as H2O (Zhang et al., 2023) and Learned Token Pruning (Kim et al., 2022). These methods operate at the token level ,primarily targeting runtime efficiency (e.g., atten-tion or KV-cache reduction). By contrast, our fo-cus is on semantic inefficiency within reasoning steps . Rather than pruning tokens during genera-tion, PACE identifies and compresses low-utility reasoning content after generation. This makes our approach complementary to runtime-oriented token pruning methods. 

2.2 Reasoning Step Evaluation Methods 

Beyond outcome-based evaluation, step-wise eval-uation methods have been proposed to provide finer-grained supervision for reasoning. Process Reward Models (PRMs), such as PRM800K (Light-man et al., 2024) and Math-Shepherd (Wang et al., 2024), are primarily designed to distinguish correct from incorrect intermediate reasoning. More re-cently, ReasonEval (Xia et al., 2025) extended this direction by considering additional dimen-sions such as redundancy and clarity. In par-allel, broader benchmarks and surveys have ar-gued that reasoning quality should be assessed along multiple axes—including correctness, coher-ence, utility, and simplicity—rather than correct-ness alone (Song et al., 2025; Lee and Hocken-maier, 2025). Despite this progress, existing evaluators remain limited for diagnosing inefficiency. Standard PRMs are optimized mainly for correctness verification :they penalize factual or logical errors, but often assign favorable scores to steps that are valid yet unnecessary. ReasonEval moves closer to our goal, but its judgments are learned from supervised an-notations, where necessity and conciseness can be harder to define consistently than correctness. In contrast, our approach uses RIV-GSM8K as a con-trolled diagnostic benchmark, where inefficiencies are synthetically injected under explicit constraints. This setup enables a more direct test of whether an evaluator can distinguish necessary reasoning from 

valid but inefficient reasoning. 

2.3 Redundancy Detection Metrics 

Several prior works have addressed redun-dancy or information compression in text. ROSCOE (Golovneva et al., 2023) proposes a suite of metrics for evaluating reasoning quality, includ-ing semantic-similarity-based measures for detect-ing repetition. Similarly, Li et al. (2023) introduced Selective Context, which uses self-information (perplexity) to compress prompts by removing less informative content. Related faithfulness stud-ies further showed that final-answer accuracy can sometimes remain high even when portions of a reasoning trace are truncated, highlighting an im-portant caveat for compression-based evaluation of CoT (Lanham et al., 2023). However, these approaches do not fully address inefficiency in multi-step reasoning. Similarity-based metrics such as ROSCOE are most effective for detecting overt repetition, but are less suited to cases where a step is locally fluent yet contributes little to global progress. Reference-based evalua-tion is also restrictive in our setting, because multi-ple reasoning chains may be valid and a reference trace is not necessarily efficiency-optimal. Metrics such as Selective Context capture static information content, but do not explicitly model step-wise rel-evance or logical progress. CAID addresses these gaps with a reference-free formulation that com-bines local redundancy, global goal alignment, in-formation density, and Semantic Delta to estimate the utility of each reasoning step in context. 

3 Methodology 

We present a framework for analyzing and re-ducing reasoning inefficiency, shifting evaluation from a purely validity-centric perspective toward an efficiency-aware one. Our approach consists of three stages: (1) Diagnosis: we introduce RIV-GSM8K to test whether existing evaluators can de-tect inefficient but valid reasoning steps; (2) Mea-surement: we propose CAID , a reference-free metric for estimating the utility of individual rea-soning steps; and (3) Validation: we apply CAID 

within PACE to examine whether the identified steps can be compressed without substantially de-grading downstream performance. 

3.1 RIV-GSM8K: Diagnosing Inefficiency 

Evaluating reasoning efficiency is challenging be-cause there is rarely a single ground-truth decom-position of which intermediate steps are necessary .Human judgments on necessity are often subjec-tive, especially when multiple reasoning traces are valid. To obtain a more controlled testbed, we construct RIV-GSM8K , a diagnostic benchmark derived from GSM8K (Cobbe et al., 2021) under a relative inefficiency setting. Starting from base-line CoT traces, we inject perturbations that are less efficient than the original steps while remaining fac-tually and logically valid. This yields a controlled setting for testing whether an evaluator can distin-guish necessary reasoning from valid but inefficient 

reasoning. 

Construction Process. The full construction pro-cedure is described in Appendix A. We use a hybrid generation strategy to balance control and diversity. 

Simple Duplication is created by rule-based repeti-1.  Local Similarity  & Redundancy  2.  Global Goal Alignment & Relevance                           

> 3. Information Density & Verbosity 4. Semantic Delta &Logical Progress
> Current Step StPrevious Step St-1
> High Cosine Sim
> Previous Step St-1
> Low Cosine Sim Current
> Step St
> Evaluate redundancy by measuring the cosine similarity between the
> previous step and the current step’s embedding.
> blah blah blah
> predictable….
> blah blah blah
> blah blah blah
> predictable…
> Verbose Step Low Entropy/Token
> (Sparse Info)
> High Entropy/Token
> (Dense Info)
> Concise,
> informative
> step.
> Verbose,
> predictable
> step.
> Measures information density per token. Long, predictable (verbose)
> sentences have lower normalized entropy.
> Evaluates relevance by measuring the cosine similarity between the step’s
> embedding and the original question’s embedding.
> Quantifies the change in the overall context vector brought by the next step.
> Small shifts indicate low progress ;large shifts indicate new information.
> Relevant Step
> et
> Irrelevant Step
> et
> Original Question
> (Goal )
> eQuestion
> Rrel
> High Cosine Sim Low Cosine Sim
> Rrel
> Redundant
> Step St
> Context Ct-1
> Δsem ≈0
> (No Shift )
> Context Ct-1+ S t
> Δsem >Threshol d
> (Significant Shift )
> Necessary
> Step St
> Context Ct-1

Figure 2: Conceptual overview of the four signals used by CAID. (1) Local Similarity detects surface-level redundancy via adjacent step comparison. (2) Global Goal Alignment filters irrelevant steps by measuring drift from the original question. (3) Information Density identifies verbose, low-entropy steps using length-normalized perplexity. (4) Semantic Delta quantifies the vector shift in the context, ensuring substantial logical progress. 

tion, while the more complex types— Paraphrase ,

Decompose , Circular , and Irrelevant —are gener-ated with GPT-4o as the generator G.To ensure that injected steps remain valid but inefficient , we impose two constraints during gen-eration: • No New Progress: the generated step must not advance the reasoning state beyond the target step St.• Contextual Coherence: especially for the 

Irrelevant type, the generated content must re-main mathematically true and locally coherent with the surrounding context, while contribut-ing nothing necessary to the solution. The prompts for each perturbation type are pro-vided in Appendix B. In total, RIV-GSM8K con-tains 7,473 samples and over 20,000 injected steps (Appendix A.2). As illustrated in Figure 1, we define five types of reasoning inefficiency designed to approximate common over-reasoning patterns in LLMs (see Ap-pendix C for examples). Simple Duplication and 

Paraphrase capture lexical and semantic redun-dancy. Decompose models excessive fragmenta-tion of a single reasoning step into multiple low-utility micro-steps. Circular Reasoning and Irrel-evant target stalled logical progress and deviation from the problem objective, respectively. 

Human Verification. To verify the quality of the synthetic perturbations, we manually evaluated the four GPT-4o-generated types ( Paraphrase , De-compose , Circular , and Irrelevant ), excluding the rule-based Simple Duplication . We randomly sam-pled 30 instances per type (120 total) and checked whether each example satisfied Logical Equiva-lence and the No New Progress constraint. Overall, the perturbations were highly reliable. 

Irrelevant and Circular Reasoning achieved near-perfect validity (29/30 and 30/30, respectively). 

Decompose showed a slightly higher failure rate (4/30), mainly for atomic steps (e.g., simple equa-tions such as 3 × x = 30 ) that are difficult to de-compose further without introducing hallucinated details or future-step leakage. Despite these edge cases, most generated steps matched the intended inefficiency type without altering the underlying solution logic. 

3.2 CAID: Context-Aware Information Density 

Existing evaluators are largely optimized for fac-tual correctness, and therefore often miss reasoning steps that are valid but inefficient. To address this gap, we propose CAID , a reference-free and un-supervised metric for estimating the utility of a reasoning step in context. Rather than targeting a single error type, CAID combines four comple-mentary signals that capture redundancy, relevance, information density, and contextual progress. Fig-ure 2 summarizes these components. 

1. Local Similarity (Redundancy). To detect local repetition, we measure the cosine similarity between the current step St and its immediate pre-decessor St−1 using a lightweight encoder E:

Msim (St) = CosSim (E(St), E(St−1)) .

A high similarity score indicates that St contributes little beyond the immediately preceding step, which is characteristic of duplication or inefficient para-phrasing. 

2. Global Goal Alignment (Relevance). Use-ful reasoning steps should remain aligned with the problem objective. We therefore measure the sim-ilarity between the step and the original question 

Q:

Mrel (St) = CosSim (E(St), E(Q)) .

A low alignment score suggests that the step is locally fluent but weakly connected to the goal of the reasoning process. 

3. Information Density (Verbosity). We mea-sure how much information a step conveys relative to its length using length-normalized perplexity under a causal language model M:

Mdensity (St) = log(PPL M(St)) Length( St) . (1) Low-density steps are typically verbose and pre-dictable relative to their token count. This signal is particularly useful for identifying overly decom-posed micro-steps that preserve validity while con-tributing little new content. 

4. Semantic Delta (Logical Progress). A rea-soning step can be valid yet still fail to move the reasoning state forward. To capture this, we de-fine Semantic Delta as the change in the contextual representation after adding St:

Mdelta (St) = 1 −CosSim (E(Ct−1), E(Ct−1⊕St)) ,

(2) where Ct−1 denotes the accumulated context up to step t − 1. A near-zero delta indicates that the new step makes little contextual progress, as in tautological restatements or circular verification. Because later reasoning steps often yield smaller marginal gains as the chain approaches its conclu-sion, we use a decaying threshold for Mdelta :

τδ(t) = τ base δ λt,

which reduces sensitivity to small contextual up-dates in later positions. 

Decision Logic. CAID maps these signals to an action set A = {PRUNE , MERGE , KEEP }. Steps with high local redundancy or low goal alignment are treated as unnecessary and assigned P RUNE .Steps that remain relevant but have low informa-tion density or low semantic delta are assigned MERGE , indicating that their content may be use-ful but should be expressed more compactly. All remaining steps are assigned K EEP . This design al-lows CAID to distinguish removable steps from 

compressible ones, rather than treating all low-utility content as equally disposable. 

3.3 Application: Validating CAID via PACE 

To empirically validate the diagnostic precision of CAID, we introduce PACE (Pruning And Com-pression for Efficiency) as a post-hoc compression strategy . Our primary objective here is not to ac-celerate real-time inference, but to use compression as a diagnostic probe: if the steps flagged by CAID can be removed or rewritten into denser forms with-out harming downstream reasoning, this provides evidence that they were inefficient in their original form. PACE operates in a Generate-then-Refine 

pipeline. Based on the classification from CAID, we apply three actions: • PRUNE : Removes steps flagged as highly re-dundant ( Msim ) or weakly relevant to the problem goal ( Mrel ). • MERGE : Compresses steps exhibiting latent inefficiency (i.e., valid but overly verbose or fragmented) using an LLM re-writer. To pre-vent semantic drift or information overload, we enforce two safety constraints before merg-ing step St into the accumulated step S′

> last

:1. Semantic Consistency: 

CosSim (E(S′

> last

), E(St)) ≥ τmerge .This ensures that the new content remains logically compatible with the current context. 2. Information Saturation: I(S′

> last

) ≤

τmax . This prevents merging when the current accumulated step is already suffi-ciently information-dense, thereby avoid-ing readability loss. If either constraint is violated, the merge is halted and a new step is initiated. • KEEP : Retains steps that appear necessary for logical progress. 

Addressing the “Trivial Accuracy” Concern. 

One might assume that maintaining accuracy is trivial if the final conclusion step is preserved. To reduce this possibility, we construct the evaluation prompt using the compressed chain C′ while ex-cluding the final answer (i.e., the “### Result” token). The model must therefore regenerate the final answer solely from the remaining reasoning trace. Since reasoning chains are causal, removing or altering a genuinely necessary intermediate step should break the dependencies required to derive the correct solution. In this sense, answer preserva-tion after compression serves as evidence that the removed steps were not essential in their original form. In the experiments, we further strengthen this evaluation by comparing PACE against non-selective pruning controls, allowing us to distin-guish selective compression from trivial answer recoverability. 

4 Experiments 

4.1 Experimental Setup Datasets. We employ diverse benchmarks to con-duct a two-stage evaluation, assessing both diag-nostic sensitivity and practical compression utility. • RIV-GSM8K: A controlled diagnostic set used to measure the sensitivity of metrics to explicit, synthetically injected inefficiencies (Section 3.1). • Standard Benchmarks: To validate PACE on real-world reasoning, we use 

GSM8K (Cobbe et al., 2021), Strate-gyQA (Geva et al., 2021), and ARC-Challenge (Clark et al., 2018). These datasets cover arithmetic, commonsense, and scientific reasoning, respectively, allowing us to test whether CAID generalizes across different reasoning domains without task-specific tuning. 

Baselines. For the diagnostic comparison on RIV-GSM8K, we evaluate multiple scales of representa-tive PRM-based evaluators, including ReasonEval ,

ThinkPRM , and Qwen2.5-Math-PRM , alongside CAID. For compression validation via PACE, we use Llama-3.1-8B-Instruct as the backbone model and compare compressed chains against the stan-dard Zero-shot CoT baseline to measure the trade-off between token reduction and answer accuracy on GSM8K, StrategyQA, and ARC-Challenge. To test whether the gains of PACE arise from selec-tive compression rather than trivial answer recov-erability, we additionally include Remove-Last 

and Random Pruning controls on GSM8K , fol-lowing prior faithfulness concerns (Lanham et al., 2023). We further compare against PRM-based compression baselines on GSM8K by replacing CAID with ThinkPRM-14B and Qwen2.5-Math-PRM-7B within the same PACE pipeline, thereby isolating the effect of the evaluator while keeping the rewriting and answer-regeneration procedure fixed. 

Implementation of CAID. We implement CAID using lightweight off-the-shelf models: all-MiniLM-L6-v2 (22M) for semantic encoding and 

GPT-2 Small (124M) for density estimation. We use a fixed set of hyperparameters across all datasets without task-specific tuning to test robust-ness and cross-domain transferability. Detailed model configurations, threshold values, and sensi-tivity analyses are provided in Appendix D. 

4.2 Results 1: Diagnostic Capability on RIV-GSM8K 

We evaluate how well different evaluators handle the inefficiencies injected into RIV-GSM8K. In-stead of binary accuracy, we report the Step Preser-vation Rate (SPR) , defined as the ratio of steps retained after evaluation. • Augmented PR (Aug PR): Measures recall on inefficient steps. Lower is better , indicat-ing the model successfully removed or flagged the inefficient step. • Gold PR: Measures retention of original human-written steps. Higher typically in-dicates safety , assuming human steps are per-fectly efficient. However, as discussed below, we challenge this assumption. 

Blind Spot of Validity-Focused Evaluators. As shown in Table 1, existing methods exhibit surpris-Model Simple Duplication Paraphrase Decompose Circular Reasoning Irrelevant Aug PR ( ↓) Gold PR Aug PR ( ↓) Gold PR Aug PR ( ↓) Gold PR Aug PR ( ↓) Gold PR Aug PR ( ↓) Gold PR ReasonEval 7B 0.6555 0.9897 0.7338 0.9867 0.7917 0.9853 0.4809 0.9746 0.1509 0.9571                                                                       

> ReasonEval 34B 0.7779 0.9558 0.7251 0.9533 0.7604 0.9571 0.3762 0.9345 0.0331 0.9118 ThinkPRM 1.5B 0.6264 0.7342 0.6821 0.7486 0.7187 0.7663 0.7179 0.7810 0.6667 0.7353 ThinkPRM 7B 0.6849 0.8003 0.7834 0.8149 0.7326 0.8046 0.7619 0.8881 0.7999 0.8682 ThinkPRM 14B 0.8582 0.9142 0.8859 0.9140 0.8150 0.8706 0.9118 0.9274 0.8474 0.9188 Qwen2.5-Math-PRM-7B 0.9679 0.9606 0.9512 0.9521 0.9350 0.9433 0.8614 0.9562 0.9746 0.9512 Qwen2.5-Math-PRM-72B 0.8368 0.9517 0.8896 0.9457 0.9108 0.9502 0.8703 0.9554 0.8961 0.9504 CAID (Ours) 0.0000 0.5752 0.0174 0.5596 0.2006 0.5142 0.0190 0.4799 0.1598 0.5155

Table 1: Step Preservation Rate (SPR) comparison by augmentation type. Aug PR: Augmented Step Preservation Rate (lower is better), Gold PR: Gold Step Preservation Rate (higher indicates retention). Bold indicates the best performance, and underlined indicates the second-best performance. 

ingly high Aug PR scores. A critical finding is the performance of ReasonEval . Despite being a specialized reasoning step evaluator equipped with an explicit redundancy score , it fails to effectively penalize redundant steps, retaining approximately 70% of Simple Duplication , Paraphrase , and De-compose types. Similarly, even the 72B-parameter Qwen2.5-Math-PRM preserves 83.68% of Simple Duplications . This confirms that validity-focused models, regardless of their size or specific scoring sub-metrics, remain essentially blind to inefficiency as long as the statement is factually correct. 

Effectiveness and Efficiency of CAID. In con-trast, CAID achieves near-perfect detection on redundancy, with an Aug PR of 0.0000 for Du-plication and 0.0174 for Paraphrasing. It also effectively identifies complex inefficiencies like Circular Reasoning (0.0190) and Decomposition (0.2006), where baselines struggle significantly. Regarding Irrelevant steps, while the large-scale supervised model ReasonEval-34B achieves the best performance (0.0331), CAID (0.1598) demon-strates competitive capability, performing compara-bly to ReasonEval-7B (0.1509). Crucially, CAID achieves this with a total of only 146M param-eters (124M GPT-2 + 22M MiniLM), whereas ReasonEval requires 7B to 34B parameters. This demonstrates that CAID delivers robust diagnostic precision with orders of magnitude greater com-putational efficiency than large-scale supervised evaluators. 

Redefining “Gold”: Deletion vs. Compression. 

A distinct characteristic of CAID is its lower Gold PR ( ≈0.55) compared to baselines ( > 0.90 ). While this might initially appear as over-penalization, a granular analysis of the action distribution reveals that CAID is not “wrong,” but rather stricter regard-ing information density. Out of 11,899 Gold steps not fully preserved by CAID: • Only 1.5% (184 steps) were flagged for re-moval (P RUNE ), primarily due to high redun-dancy (169 steps) or irrelevance (15 steps). • The remaining 98.5% ( ≈11,700 steps) were flagged for MERGE .As qualitatively analyzed in Appendix E (Table 8), these flagged steps are factually valid but function-ally inefficient. For instance, steps that merely restate a calculated value (e.g., “Child = 4” →

“Ticket is $4”) trigger the Low Semantic Delta 

criteria due to a lack of logical progress. Similarly, steps that verbally describe an operation before executing it (e.g., “Then multiply the number...”) are flagged for Low Information Density . This empirical evidence suggests that standard datasets contain significant latent inefficiency , validating our approach of compression over blind retention. 

4.3 Results 2: Efficiency via PACE 

We next evaluate whether the steps identified by CAID can be compressed while preserving down-stream performance. To this end, we apply PACE to reasoning chains generated by Llama-3.1-8B. Table 2 summarizes the trade-off between answer accuracy and token reduction on standard reason-ing benchmarks. To further test whether these gains reflect selective compression rather than trivial an-swer recoverability, we additionally compare PACE against non-selective pruning controls and PRM-based compression baselines on GSM8K. 

Compression with Limited Accuracy Loss. 

Across GSM8K, StrategyQA, and ARC-Challenge, PACE reduces token usage by 31.0%–52.9% while maintaining similar answer accuracy. These re-sults suggest that standard CoT traces contain a substantial amount of compressible content: many Dataset Method Performance Efficiency Acc (%) ∆ Tokens Red (%)                            

> GSM8K Baseline 82.03 -214.6 -
> PACE 81.12 -0.91 148.0 -31.0%
> StrategyQA Baseline 70.31 -327.7 -
> PACE 69.93 -0.37 154.4 -52.9%
> ARC-C Baseline 83.70 -277.8 -
> PACE 84.64 +0.94 156.7 -43.6%

Table 2: Comparison of accuracy and token usage be-tween baseline CoT and PACE. PACE significantly re-duces tokens while maintaining or improving accuracy.                          

> Method Step Red. (%) Tok Red. (%) Acc (%) ∆Acc
> Remove Last Only –0.26 80.06 -1.97 Random Pruning (30%) 30.00 21.40 76.88 -5.16 Random Pruning (50%) 50.00 32.86 66.72 -15.31 Remove Last + Random (50%) 50.00 29.42 62.55 -19.48
> PACE (Ours) 53.53 31.05 81.12 -0.91

Table 3: Comparison between PACE and non-selective pruning controls on GSM8K. At comparable compres-sion rates, random pruning causes substantial accuracy degradation. 

generated steps appear to be useful enough to pre-serve in condensed form, but not necessary in their original verbose form. 

Selective Compression, Not Trivial Pruning. Anatural concern is that final-answer accuracy may remain high after pruning simply because the model can reconstruct the answer from a partially preserved trace. To test this, we compare PACE against Remove-Last and Random Pruning controls. As shown in Table 3, selective compression is sub-stantially more robust than non-selective deletion: PACE retains 81.12% accuracy with 31.05% token reduction, whereas random pruning at a compara-ble compression level leads to much larger degra-dation (e.g., 66.72% accuracy under 50% random pruning). Even removing only the final step lowers accuracy to 80.06%, suggesting that performance is not explained by simple answer copying from the last reasoning step alone. Overall, these results indicate that PACE preserves key dependencies in the reasoning chain while compressing low-utility content. 

Comparison with PRM-based Compression Baselines. We further replace CAID with strong PRM evaluators within the same PACE pipeline, using ThinkPRM-14B and Qwen2.5-Math-PRM-7B as scoring modules. This comparison isolates the role of the evaluator while keeping the rewrit-ing and answer-regeneration procedure fixed. As shown in Table 4, PRM-based variants can main-tain competitive answer accuracy, but achieve only limited token reduction ( < 8% ), whereas CAID yields 31.05% compression on GSM8K. This re-                

> Evaluator in PACE Acc (%) ∆Acc Tok Red. (%)
> Baseline (Zero-shot) 82.03 ––ThinkPRM-14B 79.83 -2.20 7.20 Qwen2.5-Math-PRM-7B 83.02 +0.99 5.87
> CAID (Ours) 81.12 -0.91 31.05

Table 4: PRM-based compression baselines on GSM8K within the same PACE pipeline. Strong PRM evaluators can maintain reasonably strong answer accuracy, but yield only marginal compression. 

sult is consistent with our main claim: evaluators optimized primarily for validity are less effective at identifying the redundancy/utility dimension tar-geted by CAID. 

A Case of Accuracy Improvement. On ARC-Challenge, PACE improves accuracy by +0.94 points while reducing tokens by 43.6%. One plau-sible explanation is that, in information-heavy sci-entific reasoning, removing tangential or overly verbose steps can make the remaining context eas-ier to use. We view this as suggestive evidence that compression can sometimes improve clarity, rather than merely reducing cost. 

4.4 Ablation Study 

We next analyze the contribution of each compo-nent of CAID on GSM8K. Figure 3 shows the cu-mulative change in preservation rate as each signal is added. 

Importance of Semantic Delta. As shown in Figure 3, Local Similarity alone captures overt repetition but is insufficient for more subtle inef-ficiencies such as Decomposition and Irrelevance .Adding Semantic Delta substantially improves de-tection, indicating that contextual progress is im-portant for distinguishing genuinely useful steps from those that merely restate or locally elaborate prior content. 

Role of Information Density. Information Den-sity is particularly helpful for Circular Reason-ing . Tautological or overly predictable steps tend to have low normalized surprisal relative to their length, allowing CAID to identify verbose but low-utility reasoning that is not captured by similarity alone. 

Why Compression Requires More than Deletion. 

We also evaluate different compression actions and safety constraints. Simply removing steps with low logical progress causes a substantial accuracy drop (-5.38%), suggesting that some low-progress steps still serve as connective structure in the chain. Figure 3: Cumulative effect of CAID components on preservation rate. Lower PR indicates better detection. 

In contrast, PACE recovers much of this perfor-mance by merging such steps under safety con-straints (Consistency and Saturation), supporting the distinction between P RUNE and M ERGE . De-tailed results are provided in Appendix F. 

5 Discussion 

Compressible Structure in CoT Traces. One notable result is that CAID marks roughly half of the human-written reference steps as compress-ible rather than strictly removable. As discussed in Section 4.2, most of these cases are assigned to M ERGE rather than P RUNE , indicating that the issue is usually not factual incorrectness or irrel-evance, but how the reasoning is expressed . In many cases, valid steps appear verbose, weakly progressive, or fragmented into micro-steps that could be stated more compactly. This suggests that human-written CoT traces are not always efficiency-optimal, even when they are logically sound. 

Compression Requires a Different Signal from Validity. Our control experiments further clar-ify this distinction. Random pruning substantially degrades accuracy at similar compression levels, while replacing CAID with strong PRM evalua-tors inside the same PACE pipeline yields only limited compression. Taken together, these results suggest that correctness-oriented evaluation and 

efficiency-oriented compression are related but distinct objectives. Existing PRMs are useful for filtering incorrect reasoning, but appear less sen-sitive to verbose yet valid steps that can be com-pressed without materially harming downstream performance. 

Implications and Limitations. Although PACE is introduced here as a post-hoc compression method, the results suggest two broader directions. First, compressed traces may be useful for con-structing denser reasoning datasets for training or distillation. Second, offline compression could help reduce reasoning-context cost in retrieval-based systems. At the same time, our evaluation remains answer-level: it does not test whether compressed traces preserve the model’s full continuation tra-jectory. A fuller account of redundancy in CoT should therefore examine not only final-answer ro-bustness, but also how intermediate continuations change after compression. 

6 Conclusion 

We studied reasoning inefficiency in Chain-of-Thought (CoT) generation, focusing on cases where intermediate steps are valid yet unnecessar-ily verbose, repetitive, or weakly connected to the problem objective. Our results suggest that existing reasoning-step evaluators, while effective at veri-fying correctness, are less effective at identifying this type of low-utility reasoning content. To address this gap, we introduced three com-ponents: RIV-GSM8K , a controlled benchmark for diagnosing inefficient but valid reasoning steps; 

CAID , a reference-free metric for estimating the utility of reasoning steps in context; and PACE ,a post-hoc compression procedure for testing whether the identified steps can be removed or com-pressed without substantially harming downstream performance. Across arithmetic, commonsense, and scientific reasoning benchmarks, PACE reduces token us-age by 31–53% while maintaining similar answer accuracy. Additional control experiments show that these gains are not explained by trivial prun-ing, and that strong PRM-based evaluators achieve only limited compression within the same pipeline. Taken together, these findings suggest that standard CoT traces often contain a meaningful amount of compressible content. More broadly, our results motivate reasoning evaluation that considers not only correctness, but also efficiency and utility. 

Limitations 

Our study has several limitations. 

Post-hoc Overhead. PACE follows a generate-then-refine procedure and therefore does not reduce the latency of the initial inference pass. As a result, it is better suited to offline settings, such as dataset construction or context compression, than to real-time acceleration. 

Dependence on Rewriter Quality. The M ERGE 

action depends on the ability of the underlying LLM to rewrite verbose steps without losing im-portant information. Although our safety con-straints ( τmerge and τsat ) help reduce semantic drift, smaller models may still oversimplify com-plex reasoning during compression. 

Domain Scope. We evaluate arithmetic (GSM8K), commonsense (StrategyQA), and scientific reasoning (ARC-Challenge). The notion of efficiency may differ in more open-ended domains, such as creative writing, where verbosity can serve stylistic or communicative purposes. 

Hyperparameter Transfer. Although CAID is reasonably stable across our benchmarks with a fixed set of thresholds, transferring it to domains with substantially different linguistic characteris-tics (e.g., code or legal text) may require additional calibration. 

Ethics Statement 

This work is motivated in part by the goal of im-proving the efficiency of LLM reasoning, which may help reduce unnecessary computational cost. At the same time, we note several ethical consider-ations. 

Data and Privacy. All experiments use publicly available datasets. Our study does not involve pri-vate or personally identifiable information. The synthetic perturbations in RIV-GSM8K were gen-erated with GPT-4o for research purposes and were designed to remain task-relevant and non-harmful. 

Potential Biases. Efficiency-oriented metrics may penalize linguistic styles that are longer or more elaborative by convention. As a result, care is needed when applying CAID beyond the bench-mark settings considered here, especially in con-texts where verbosity may reflect dialectal, stylistic, or communicative variation rather than inefficiency. 

Use of AI Assistants. GPT-4o was used in the data augmentation pipeline to generate synthetic reasoning perturbations for RIV-GSM8K. AI assis-tants were also used for preliminary code drafting and language editing. The authors reviewed all such outputs and take full responsibility for the final manuscript. 

Acknowledgments 

This work was supported by Institute of Informa-tion & communications Technology Planning & Evaluation (IITP) grant funded by the Korea gov-ernment (MSIT) (RS-2022-00143911, AI Excel-lence Global Innovative Leader Education Pro-gram). References 

Lingjiao Chen, Matei Zaharia, and James Zou. 2024. FrugalGPT: How to use large language models while reducing cost and improving performance. Trans-actions on Machine Learning Research . Featured Certification. Cheng-Han Chiang and Hung-yi Lee. 2024. Over-reasoning and redundant calculation of large lan-guage models. In Proceedings of the 18th Confer-ence of the European Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics (Volume 2: Short Papers) ,pages 161–169, St. Julian’s, Malta. Association for Computational Linguistics. Peter Clark, Isaac Cowhey, Oren Etzioni, Tushar Khot, Ashish Sabharwal, Carissa Schoenick, and Oyvind Tafjord. 2018. Think you have solved question an-swering? try arc, the AI2 reasoning challenge. CoRR ,abs/1803.05457. Karl Cobbe, Vineet Kosaraju, Mohammad Bavarian, Mark Chen, Heewoo Jun, Lukasz Kaiser, Matthias Plappert, Jerry Tworek, Jacob Hilton, Reiichiro Nakano, Christopher Hesse, and John Schulman. 2021. Training verifiers to solve math word prob-lems. Preprint , arXiv:2110.14168. Mor Geva, Daniel Khashabi, Elad Segal, Tushar Khot, Dan Roth, and Jonathan Berant. 2021. Did Aristo-tle Use a Laptop? A Question Answering Bench-mark with Implicit Reasoning Strategies. Transac-tions of the Association for Computational Linguis-tics (TACL) .Olga Golovneva, Moya Peng Chen, Spencer Poff, Mar-tin Corredor, Luke Zettlemoyer, Maryam Fazel-Zarandi, and Asli Celikyilmaz. 2023. ROSCOE: A suite of metrics for scoring step-by-step reasoning. In 

The Eleventh International Conference on Learning Representations .Joonwon Jang, Jaehee Kim, Wonbin Kweon, Seonghyeon Lee, and Hwanjo Yu. 2025. Verbosity-aware rationale reduction: Sentence-level rationale reduction for efficient and effective reasoning. In 

Findings of the Association for Computational Linguistics: ACL 2025 , pages 20769–20784, Vienna, Austria. Association for Computational Linguistics. Huiqiang Jiang, Qianhui Wu, Chin-Yew Lin, Yuqing Yang, and Lili Qiu. 2023. LLMLingua: Compressing prompts for accelerated inference of large language models. In The 2023 Conference on Empirical Meth-ods in Natural Language Processing .Sehoon Kim, Sheng Shen, David Thorsley, Amir Gho-lami, Woosuk Kwon, Joseph Hassoun, and Kurt Keutzer. 2022. Learned token pruning for transform-ers. In Proceedings of the 28th ACM SIGKDD Con-ference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining ,KDD ’22, page 784–794, New York, NY, USA. As-sociation for Computing Machinery. Tamera Lanham, Anna Chen, Ansh Radhakrishnan, Benoit Steiner, Carson Denison, Danny Hernandez, Dustin Li, Esin Durmus, Evan Hubinger, Jackson Kernion, Kamile Lukosiute, Karina Nguyen, Newton Cheng, Nicholas Joseph, Nicholas Schiefer, Oliver Rausch, Robin Larson, Sam McCandlish, Sandi-pan Kundu, and 11 others. 2023. Measuring faith-fulness in chain-of-thought reasoning. Preprint ,arXiv:2307.13702. Jinu Lee and Julia Hockenmaier. 2025. Evaluating step-by-step reasoning traces: A survey. In Findings of the Association for Computational Linguistics: EMNLP 2025 , pages 1789–1814, Suzhou, China. Association for Computational Linguistics. Yucheng Li, Bo Dong, Frank Guerin, and Chenghua Lin. 2023. Compressing context to enhance infer-ence efficiency of large language models. In The 2023 Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing .Hunter Lightman, Vineet Kosaraju, Yuri Burda, Harri-son Edwards, Bowen Baker, Teddy Lee, Jan Leike, John Schulman, Ilya Sutskever, and Karl Cobbe. 2024. Let’s verify step by step. In The Twelfth Inter-national Conference on Learning Representations .Mingyang Song, Zhaochen Su, Xiaoye Qu, Jiawei Zhou, and Yu Cheng. 2025. PRMBench: A fine-grained and challenging benchmark for process-level reward models. In Proceedings of the 63rd Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics (Vol-ume 1: Long Papers) , pages 25299–25346, Vienna, Austria. Association for Computational Linguistics. Miles Turpin, Julian Michael, Ethan Perez, and Samuel R. Bowman. 2023. Language models don’t always say what they think: Unfaithful explanations in chain-of-thought prompting. In Thirty-seventh Conference on Neural Information Processing Sys-tems .Peiyi Wang, Lei Li, Zhihong Shao, Runxin Xu, Damai Dai, Yifei Li, Deli Chen, Yu Wu, and Zhifang Sui. 2024. Math-shepherd: Verify and reinforce LLMs step-by-step without human annotations. In Proceed-ings of the 62nd Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics (Volume 1: Long Pa-pers) , pages 9426–9439, Bangkok, Thailand. Associ-ation for Computational Linguistics. Xuezhi Wang, Jason Wei, Dale Schuurmans, Quoc V Le, Ed H. Chi, Sharan Narang, Aakanksha Chowdhery, and Denny Zhou. 2023. Self-consistency improves chain of thought reasoning in language models. In 

The Eleventh International Conference on Learning Representations .Jason Wei, Xuezhi Wang, Dale Schuurmans, Maarten Bosma, Brian Ichter, Fei Xia, Ed H. Chi, Quoc V Le, and Denny Zhou. 2022. Chain of thought prompt-ing elicits reasoning in large language models. In 

Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems .Shijie Xia, Xuefeng Li, Yixin Liu, Tongshuang Wu, and Pengfei Liu. 2025. Evaluating mathematical reasoning beyond accuracy. Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence , 39(26):27723– 27730. Silei Xu, Wenhao Xie, Lingxiao Zhao, and Pengcheng He. 2025. Chain of draft: Thinking faster by writing less. Preprint , arXiv:2502.18600. Zhenyu Zhang, Ying Sheng, Tianyi Zhou, Tianlong Chen, Lianmin Zheng, Ruisi Cai, Zhao Song, Yuan-dong Tian, Christopher Re, Clark Barrett, Zhangyang Wang, and Beidi Chen. 2023. H2o: Heavy-hitter ora-cle for efficient generative inference of large language models. In Thirty-seventh Conference on Neural In-formation Processing Systems .A RIV-GSM8K Construction Details 

In this section, we provide the detailed algorithm and statistical breakdown of the RIV-GSM8K dataset construction. 

A.1 Construction Algorithm 

Algorithm 1 outlines the step-by-step procedure for injecting inefficiencies into the GSM8K dataset. 

Algorithm 1 RIV-GSM8K Benchmark Construction                                                                                            

> Require: Dataset DGSM 8K={(Q, C )}, Generator G
> Require: Types T={Dup, Para, Dec, Circ, Irr }
> Ensure: RIV-GSM8K Dataset DRIV
> 1: DRIV ← ∅ ;IT←Cycle (T)
> 2: for all (Q, C ={S1, . . . , S N})∈ D GSM 8Kdo
> 3: T←next (IT)
> 4: Pick random index t∈[1 , N ]{Calc. steps only if
> T=Dec} 5: if T== Simple Dup then
> 6: Snew ←St
> 7: else
> 8: Snew ← G (Q, C, S t|T)
> 9: end if
> 10: Update: If T=Dec , replace Stwith Snew ; else insert
> Snew .11: Add (Q, C new , T )to DRIV
> 12: end for
> 13: return DRIV
> Perturbation Type Samples # Aug. Steps # Norm. Steps
> Simple Duplication 1,495 1,495 6,829 Paraphrase 1,495 1,495 6,849 Decompose 1,495 7,834 5,364 Circular Reasoning 1,494 3,955 6,857 Irrelevant 1,494 5,402 6,811
> Total 7,473 20,181 32,780

Table 5: Statistics of the RIV-GSM8K Benchmark. We explicitly distinguish between Augmented Steps (in-jected noise) and Normal Steps (baseline reasoning). 

A.2 Dataset Statistics 

Table 5 summarizes the distribution of the five inefficiency types within the constructed bench-mark. We explicitly distinguish between ’Aug-mented Steps’ (the injected noise) and ’Normal Steps’ (the original baseline reasoning). 

B Prompt Details and Configuration 

We utilize gpt-4o for all augmentation tasks. To ensure generation diversity and structural consis-tency, we employ a temperature of 1.0 and a max-imum token limit of 5,000 . Additionally, we en-force a strict JSON Schema for all outputs to facilitate robust parsing. Below, we detail the specific system prompts and input templates used for our pipeline. Figure 4 out-lines the basic augmentation types, while Figure 5 details the context-aware strategies. 

C Qualitative Examples of Reasoning Augmentations 

To better understand the nature of the perturbations introduced by our pipeline, we provide concrete examples of generated reasoning steps in Table 6. These examples are derived from a single original step in the GSM8K dataset: "Adults = 10 * 8 = 80" .As shown in Table 6, our augmentation strategies cover a spectrum of “over-reasoning” behaviors observed in Large Language Models: • Surface-level Redundancy: Simple Duplica-tion and Paraphrase retain the exact logic of the original step but introduce lexical varia-tions or repetitions, testing the model’s robust-ness to verbose phrasing. • Granularity Expansion: Decompose breaks down a single atomic operation into a verbose chain of micro-steps (e.g., identifying vari-ables, stating the operation, calculating, and restating the result), significantly inflating the token count without adding deductive value. • Logical Loops: Circular Reasoning mimics a model’s tendency to “double-check” itself unnecessarily. It uses inverse operations (divi-sion/multiplication) to verify an already estab-lished fact, creating a closed logical loop that adds computational cost. • Contextual Noise: Irrelevant introduces dis-tractors that differ from hallucinations; they are mathematically true and contextually plau-sible (e.g., discussing ticket prices or family groups) but contribute nothing to the solution path. These qualitative samples illustrate the diverse challenges our dataset poses to reasoning evalua-tors. 

D Implementation Details 

D.1 Model Configuration 

CAID is designed to be computationally efficient and widely applicable. We employ the following off-the-shelf models: • Semantic Encoder (E): We use 

all-MiniLM-L6-v2 (22M parameters) to compute cosine similarity for Local Sim-ilarity ( Msim ) and Global Goal Alignment Augmentation Type Generated Reasoning Step Original Input Adults = 10 * 8 = $«10*8=80»80 1. Simple Duplication Adults = 10 * 8 = $«10*8=80»80                  

> 2. Paraphrase Adults: 10 multiplied by 8 equals $«10*8=80»80
> 3. Decompose Identify the number of adults involved, which is given as 10. →Identify the multiplica-tion factor for the adults, which is 8 in this case. →Multiply the number of adults (10) by the factor (8): «calculation=80». →State the result of the multiplication, which is $80.
> 4. Circular Reasoning Having calculated $80 for the adults, we can verify this by noting that $80 divided by the 10 adults gives us $«80/10=8»8 per adult. →Re-multiplying this $8 per adult by 10 adults returns $«8*10=80»80, ensuring our number is correct. →Alternatively, if we consider twice the accounted $80, we get $«80*2=160»160, and half of this sum is $«160/2=80»80, which confirms our original total remains consistent at $80.
> 5. Irrelevant Since the adults paid a total of $80, this also means they chose to spend their money on tickets rather than concessions at the game, an interesting financial decision given the usual pricing. →It’s notable that the sum of $124 offers no remainder when considering integer ticket prices, suggesting an elegance in the problem structure. →
> The relationship between the number of adults and children indicates a typical family group could have attended this game together.

Table 6: Examples of augmented reasoning steps generated from a single original step. The generated text aims to mimic specific reasoning flaws or stylistic variations. 

(Mrel ). This model was selected for its high speed and strong performance on semantic textual similarity tasks. • Density Estimator ( M): We use GPT-2 Small (124M parameters) to calculate the per-plexity for Information Density ( Mdensity ). The total parameter count for CAID is approxi-mately 146M, which is significantly smaller than the baseline PRMs (e.g., ReasonEval-34B). 

D.2 Hyperparameters 

We utilize a fixed set of thresholds across all exper-iments (GSM8K, StrategyQA, ARC-Challenge) to demonstrate the generalizability of our metric. The specific values are: • Removal Thresholds (P RUNE ): – High Redundancy: τsim = 0 .85 

– Low Relevance: τrel = 0 .25 

• Compression Candidates (M ERGE ): – Low Information Density: τdensity =0.1

– Low Semantic Delta (Base): τdelta =0.03 

• Adaptive Decay: – Decay Factor: λ = 0 .95 (Applied as 

τδ(t) = τdelta · λt)

Sensitivity Analysis. We observed that the per-formance of CAID is relatively stable around these threshold values. For instance, varying τsim be-tween 0.80 and 0.90 or τrel between 0.20 and 0.30 resulted in minimal fluctuations in the Step Preser-vation Rate (SPR) on the RIV-GSM8K validation set. This suggests that the chosen hyperparameters are robust and not overfitted to a specific dataset distribution. 

E Qualitative Analysis of Latent Inefficiency 

To better understand the nature of “Latent Ineffi-ciency” in human-written Gold data, we provide a detailed qualitative analysis of steps flagged for MERGE by CAID. Table 8 presents concrete exam-ples from the GSM8K dataset. 

F Detailed Ablation on Compression Strategy 

In this section, we provide the extended ablation study on the compression strategies employed in PACE, validating the necessity of the M ERGE ac-tion and safety constraints. ID Method Description Performance Efficiency Ratio 

Acc (%) ∆ Tok Red (%) Step Red (%) (Tok) 0 Baseline (Original CoT) 82.03 0.00 0.00 0.00 1.00 1 + Similarity (Remove) 84.46 +2.43 7.36 15.47 1.08 2 + Relevance (Remove) 84.38 +2.35 8.91 17.06 1.10 3 + Density (Remove) 84.53 +2.50 20.12 21.69 1.25 4 + Delta (Remove) 76.65 -5.38 11.18 72.52 1.13 5 + Merge (No Safety) 76.95 -5.08 45.09 70.41 1.82 

6 PACE (Full Method) 81.12 -0.91 31.05 53.53 1.45 

Table 7: Ablation study of PACE components. We analyze the impact of each module on accuracy and compression efficiency. Modes 1–4 use removal-only logic, while Modes 5–6 introduce the merging mechanism. PACE (Mode 6) achieves the best balance between accuracy recovery and token reduction.       

> Previous Step ( St−1)Target Step ( St) [Gold] Reason
> Child = 44/11 = $«44/11=4»4 Each child’s ticket is $«4=4»4.
> Low Delta
> →Diagnosis: The target step merely repeats the value ’4’ established in the previous step, contributing no new deductive information (No Progress). ...when self-checkout is broken... 160 * 1.2 = 192 complaints/day Then multiply the number of complaints per day by the number of days...: 192 * 3 = 576...
> Low Density
> →Diagnosis: The step explicitly describes the operation before performing it, inflating token usage (Verbose).

Table 8: Qualitative examples of Gold steps flagged for MERGE . By utilizing the full width for diagnosis, we clarify why valid steps are identified as inefficient (e.g., lack of progress or verbosity). 

Deletion vs. Compression. As shown in Ta-ble 7, while removing redundant steps (Modes 1– 3) yields slight accuracy gains, simply deleting steps with low logical progress (Mode 4, Delta) causes a sharp accuracy drop (-5.38%). This im-plies that even repetitive or slow-progressing steps serve as essential “connective tissue” in the reason-ing chain, carrying implicit dependencies. They cannot be blindly removed (Prune) but must be 

merged to preserve logical continuity while reduc-ing verbosity. 

Necessity of Safety Constraints. Mode 5(Merge without constraints) achieves high token reduction (45%) but suffers significant accuracy degradation (-5.08%) due to semantic drift and information overload. By enforcing our safety constraints (Consistency and Saturation), PACE (Mode 6) successfully recovers the accuracy (Acc 81.12%) while still delivering substantial efficiency (31% token reduction), demonstrating that our density-aware merging strategy achieves the op-timal trade-off between compression and validity. Task 1: Paraphrase 

System Prompt: 

You are an expert paraphrasing assistant. Your task is to rephrase the given text while preserving its original meaning. Ensure that the paraphrased text is clear, coherent, and maintains the same intent as the original. Avoid using overly complex language or altering the tone significantly. Crucially, wrap all calculations in «calculation=result» format. 

User Input Template: 

"Please paraphrase the following text: [INPUT_TEXT]" 

Task 2: Decompose 

System Prompt: 

You are an expert at breaking down complex tasks into smaller, manageable, verbose subtasks. Your goal is to analyze the given task description and decompose it into a list of sequential steps that can be followed to accomplish the task effectively. Ensure that decomposed steps maintain same intent as the original. Avoid using overly complex language or altering the tone significantly. Crucially, wrap all calculations in «calculation=result» format. 

User Input Template: 

"Please decompose the following task into smaller subtasks: [INPUT_TASK]" 

Figure 4: Configuration and prompt details for basic augmentation strategies ( Paraphrase and Decompose ). The top block shows shared hyperparameters. Task 3: Circular Reasoning 

System Prompt: 

You are an expert at inserting circular reasoning into mathematical solutions. Your task is to generate a sequence of steps that redundantly verifies a previously established fact or calculated number using inverse operations or self-referential logic. You will be provided with: 

1. The Question 

2. Previous Reasoning Steps 

3. The Current Target Step Generate a reasoning section that: 

• Takes a number or fact already established in the ’Previous Reasoning Steps’. 

• Performs a set of operations that eventually lead back to the original number (e.g., "Since X is 5, multiplying by 2 gives 10, and dividing by 2 returns 5, confirming X is indeed 5."). 

• Is mathematically true but strictly unnecessary for solving the problem. 

• Does not alter the final answer or the logical path required for the solution. Crucially, wrap all calculations in «calculation=result» format. 

User Input Template: 

"Based on the context below, generate circular reasoning sentences that could be inserted after the Current Step:" 

Task 4: Irrelevant (Hard) 

System Prompt: 

You are an expert at generating context-aware distractions. Your task is to generate mathematically correct but irrelevant sentences that sound like they belong to the solution flow but do not advance the solution logic or provide any new information needed for the answer. You will be provided with: 

1. The Question 

2. Previous Reasoning Steps 

3. The Current Target Step 

4. Next Reasoning Steps Generate a reasoning section that: 

• naturally fits between the previous reasoning, the current target step, and the next reasoning steps, 

• maintains the same tone, context, and mathematical domain, 

• uses a smooth transitional phrase to connect the surrounding steps, 

• is mathematically true but does not contribute to solving the problem, 

• does not alter any variables, numbers, or assumptions in the reasoning, 

• and does not suggest new solution paths or constraints. Crucially, wrap all calculations in «calculation=result» format if any numbers appear. 

User Input Template: 

"Based on the context below, generate irrelevant sentences that could be inserted after the Current Step:" 

Figure 5: Prompt configurations for context-aware augmentation types ( Circular Reasoning and Irrelevant ). Note that these tasks require full context inputs (question, previous/next reasoning steps).